Bios
Pooja Semwal, Operations Manager

Pooja Semwal is trained as a professional social worker. She is always inquisitive about the purpose of human existence and has a penchant for solving complex problems. So, she decided to become a social worker while still in high school. She is a recipient of an Indian educational honor, a gold medal in Bachelor of Social Work.

She particularly likes resolving people-oriented issues and helping individuals find workable and sustainable solutions. This trait led her to two master's degrees, one in social work and the other in rural development. She was a frontline worker with many organizations in her academic career and did multiple academic research projects. She even completed one of her degrees while working full-time as a fundraiser trainer for MSF (Doctors Without Borders).

In 2018, after years of experiencing different ailments, she was finally diagnosed with an autoimmune disorder called Lupus. This changed her approach but not her impact. 

Today, Pooja aspires to make a difference through her initiatives, writings, research, and advocacy. That's why she joined Pietential. As Operations Manager at Pietential, she oversees a wide range of strategic initiatives and keeps the team streamlined and organized. Whenever she has free time, she enjoys creative writing, among her many interests.


Hank Mitchell, CTO
For more than two decades, Henry “Hank” Mitchell has been the quiet, creative force behind the web apps of countless companies, and has developed a number of digital marketing  apps through his company “Silver Crayon”, including LeadSaber and Mailstripe.

Hank is a graduate of the New York University with a degree in music composition who loves bluegrass, and is the founder of a nonprofit that supports families dealing with breast cancer, “The Red Devils”.

John Starling, CEO
John Starling has dedicated his life to helping people define and achieve what's important to them.

Since 1999 he’s been a trusted business advisor and professional coach to CEOs, management teams and their employees, helping them obviate the factors limiting their achievement.  

In 2010 he founded a first of its kind MMA (Mentoring & Martial Arts) school for low income, at-risk youth in Baltimore, and in 2016 he founded a girls soccer club for elementary aged school girls in South Korea who had no opportunity to play organized sports in their public schools, due to institutional & cultural gender discrimination. 

A creative at his core, John is the author of a children's book about being okay with being yourself "Flight of the Platypus" - a story of self-discovery (available on Amazon), and an Americana singer-songwriter (www.JohnPatrickStarling.com).

You can learn more about John at his  private coaching practice Website (www.StarlingGrowthAdvisory.com). 
